# Wingmnn - Your Partner-in-crime

## Devlog 2

### Setup Mails service
i added gmail service today. i can fetch emails with pagination, fetch drafts with pagination, fetch threads with pagination using this service. it also supports individual mail fetching (which is required because gmail only gives id and threadId in messages.list, so i need to fetch each mail individually). service supports sending mails, managing drafts and using drafts to send the mails as well. then there is support for all the actions (like star, archive, delete, trash etc).

things that were interesting for me were forwarding support and threads/reply support. it needs id of the message you are replying/forwarding to. reply needs to add 'Re:' in the subject. forwarding needs to add all the metadata of the message at the top. and then when you are parsing the body, you need to convert it into base64 encoded raw string.

then, i asked agent to add test cases for this. initially, it added test cases using jest library but i did not want to add new library. so i asked it to use bun for test cases. it got stuck there for some time but eventually it came through. i ran the tests and it passed all of them. i need to go through the test once and see if it has any missing cases. will do that today.

i also added a quotes directory. it will contain all the quotes i want to show when loading the screen.

and then i found an issue. i have added fade away animation for transition between loading screen and content screen. in the onboarding screen, we have an input element with autoFocus on. because i'm moving focus from loading to onboarding page and this input element requires focus directly, it overrides the transition and demands focus immediately. because of this, the transition from loading page to content page is not happening. i had to remove the auto focus from the input but now user has to manually click on the input to enter something. that is not ideal. need to find a fix for this. found the fix. basically, AnimatePresence has different modes and one of which is "wait". this will wailt for exiting animation to complete before mounting the entering component. so using this, only after the loading screen has faded out, the content screen will mount. so autofocus will not trigger the layout recalculation until the loading screen has faded out. this gives me smooth exit animations and autofocus on the input as well. stupid me who did not go through the documentation, AGAIN!!

so, i added a curved text for "Hurray!" word in onboarding component. had to massage the ai to get it right. basically, i'm using svg path to define the curve and text path to stick the text onto that curve. had to go through several iterations for proper size, aspect ratio and curvature, but the end result looks good.

so, i was making a mistake when trying to load ttf files directly into my css with `@import` directive. it was causing errors when vite was trying to bundle the css file. it could not generate the bundle and that caused the app to break. so i went to gemini and asked how to load ttf files and it suggested to use `@font-face` directive (which i should have done from the start). another silly mistake from me. but once i loaded ttf file into font-face source and assigned it to my css variables in tailwindcss theme, it worked!!
