# Wingmnn - Your Partner-in-crime

## Devlog 3

### Life is beautiful
i'm going to add some quote in every devlog from now on.

so, i added mutation to the query today. looks good, haven't checked it out yet though. i also added a more standard way of deepEqual and replaced the isEqual with deepEqual. isEqual is still there, as a token of my stupidity.

then i added userService on web side and similar user related routes on backend side. i was thinking of using only post method for everything, but then ended up deciding against it. i mean we have plethora (well not plethora but good amount) of different http methods so we should use them and i did just that. put for updates, post for create, delete for delete (as one should) and get for get.

then, i tested the mutation query eventually and it was not working as expected. so i dug deeper and found that i did not add a subscriber because i thought it was not needed. but to update the status and all that, i need a subscriber (or force renderer). so i added it, made some other clean ups (like fixed onMutate functionality, started updating query params etc). even then, it was not working. this time, issue was more subtle. i was using `function` to define `mutate` on query class. i was using `this` inside of it. in the mutation hook, i was reassigning that mutate function. because it, `this` was referring to `undefined` and it was throwing error. so i converted `mutate` to an arrow function. and voila! it's working properly!

i also added a new hook called `useQueryStateWithAction`. this will read value from the query cache and update the state if query cache updates. but it also gives another setter for locally updating the value. it's like a local state that is also listening to query cache changes and you can modify it too without it making changes to query cache. needed this to make sure that onboarding page has up-to-date user data and i don't have to maintain another user state (because i need to save `assistantName` in user).
