# Wingmnn - Your Partner-in-crime

## Devlog 4

### Gotta be honest
reflects the current state of the project.

Been long time since last dev log. I was kinda busy dealing with some work related stuff. It doesn't mean I was not working on the project. I was just not able to update the logs. So, let's pick up from where we left off.

So, I've made much progress after the last dev log. I've set up the basis games. Sudoku is the first one. I've added all the backend things that I could think of - like APIs for validation, board generation, and all that. I still need to define the schema and add the logic to persist it. I also want to add analytics to track user choices so that I can show it to them and they can make informed decisions. Additionally, I plan to implement a feature that allows users to save their progress and resume where they left off.

Other than that, I've setup the worker package properly now. It has an in-memory queue, a queue worker and email processor for now. I've also added basic API endpoints to push jobs to the queue. I think this will help me achieve asynchronous processing of tasks.

I also made some changes in the UI router. I added router context and using it to store all the processed routes so that useRouter can be free of configs. Basically, I pass down the config in context, so `useRouter` can directly pick it up from the context. No need to pass it down manually everytime I use `useRouter`.

There are other things that I'm missing right now. So, from now on, I'll try to update this dev logs more frequently. Let's see how it goes.
